Feature/bryans updates (#13)
softwareforgood/Learn-Enough-To-Be-Dangerous: Client_Services/README.md

# Client Services
## General Expectations
All your expectations during this apprenticeship are best understood in the context of Software for Good's role as Client Services company. We serve our clients. Period.
  
**Clients**
  

> Clients are the people (i.e. company) that we are developing the code for. Therefore, the client determines what tasks we do and approve of our work for a task. **A task isn't complete until the client says so.**

Reviewer: > A task isn't complete until the client says so

i think there's a little more nuance to this that we probably should add 😛 working with clients is a bit of a dance, and there are times where we do need to push back, so i don't know that it's as clear cut as this statement kinda makes it seem. since we don't have a formal QA team, sometimes our team or the client's team will do testing and discover other things that need to be improved, or discover that they actually need a feature to do something else — i would consider these to be different tasks, even if the client says the original task isn't done until these new x, y, z things are done. 

clients do ultimately sign off on the work we've done, but there is more complexity that goes into managing tasks, especially in the Agile process we tend to run in

after chatting a bit with @SpraggleRock, here's what she suggested could go here instead:

> The clients are the people we are developing the app for. We work with clients to make sure the app we’re developing meets their needs and goals. How we work with them varies by client - sometimes they define and prioritize our tasks, and sometimes they are more hands off. 

so more of an explanation of our relationship with them and less focus on when things are "done" because that vary between clients and how involved they are 😄

Author: Thank you! This definitely sounds better.

# Asana
Asana is a project management software. Project management software are tools that can be used by companies to help organize and plan their projects. There are many other types of project management software out there. Besides Asana, these include:
- Trello
- Monday
- smartsheet

## How does Asana help?
### **Tasks**
We are able to create these things called tasks (also called tickets), which help state what needs to be done. For instance in web development, if the homepage of a website needs some text updated, a task can be created called 'Update text on the homepage'. Then we have further functions to help get this task set up to be completed. These include:
- Assigning it to a specific person
- Assigning a due date
- Filling in a description with more specific details
- Adding subtasks (that also get all these other functions!)
- Attaching files
- A section at the bottom where you can message and communicate with other team members
  

> Every Asana Task has "Acceptance Criteria". Don't mark it as complete until they are met. If you don't know what those criteria are, ask. The button to mark complete is called *Mark complete*, however, a programmer shouldn't be the one to click this button. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Every Asana Task has "Acceptance Criteria". Don't mark it as complete until they are met. If you don't know what those criteria are, ask. The button to mark complete is called *Mark complete*, however, we (typically the product owner/project manager/tech lead) need to communicate with the client to determine if we can push this button. 
```

  
Besides mentioned above, the importance of tasks are categorized by high, medium, and low priority. **High priority tasks should ideally be completed first.**
  
### **Buckets**  
Buckets are how we organize tickets that are in different stages of development. This will be explained later. There isn't a default amount of buckets that every project gets. It can vary depending on the team's needs and wants. Here are some examples:
- Backlog
- In Progress
- Code Review
- Completed
  
### **Connection between Tasks and Buckets**
For this example, we are going to be using the buckets that were mentioned above.
  

> Let's say you were assigned a task that was currently in the *Backlog* bucket, and you decided to work on it. Then, you are able to drag that task from the *Backlog* bucket into the *In Progress* bucket. This helps indicate to the rest of the team members that you are currently working on that task.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's say you were assigned a task that was in the *Backlog* bucket, and you are starting to work on it. Then, you are able to drag that task from the *Backlog* bucket into the *In Progress* bucket. This helps indicate to the rest of the team members that you are currently working on that task.
```
